Q.1- What is React?
Ans- React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

Q.2- Who made React?
Ans- React was created by Jordan Walke, a software engineer at Facebook.

Q.3- What is Babel?
Ans- Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backward-compatible version of JavaScript in 
     current and older browsers or environments.

Q.4- How does Babel convert HTML code in React into valid code?
Ans- Babel converts HTML code into valid code by using the JSX code and converter.

Q.5- What is ReactDOM used for? Write an example.
Ans- ReactDOM is used to render components and elements on the web. It is a part of the React library used to create user interfaces and 
     dynamic web applications, as well as reusable and composable components that can be used in different applications.
     EXAMPLE------>
     // Import necessary modules from React and ReactDOM
        import React from 'react';
        import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
     // Define a simple React component
        const MyComponent = () => {
        return <h1>Hello, React!</h1>;
        };
     // Use ReactDOM to render the component into the HTML document
        ReactDOM.render(<MyComponent />, document.getElementById('root'));

Q.6- What are the packages that you need to import for React to work with?
Ans- To work with React, you typically need to import the following packages:
     1. React: The core library for building user interfaces with React.
     2. ReactDOM: The package responsible for rendering React components into the DOM.
     These two are the essential imports. Depending on your project and its complexity, you might also need additional packages.

Q.7- How do you add react to a web application?
Ans- Step 1: Add a DOM Container to the HTML.
     Step 2: Add the Script Tags.
     Step 3: Create a React Component.

Q.8- What is React.createElement?
Ans- React.createElement is a function provided by React to create React elements. 

Q.9- What are the three properties that createElement accepts?
Ans- The React.createElement function accepts three properties as arguments:
     1. Type (string or component)
     2. Props (Object)
     3. Children (Any).

Q.10- What is the meaning of render and root?
Ans- 1. Render:
        In React, "render" refers to the process of generating the UI representation of a React component.
     2. Root:
        In the context of a React application, the "root" typically refers to the HTML element where the top-level React component is 
        mounted.

